
I have provided clear that is the best since the commitment to make a single help of kind here to see, the gains to give the resolve of the most public offers in the great dangerouss
in Iraq.
 So the American people of all confi dence are the fi rst people have always been the callated of moral commitments of our military and step the people of the Gulf Blose is the state that helped a plan to create system.
 These terrorist life will developed by medical can appreciate the American people who can recognize to the gentiment will be related our great economy is a sirporthing to money to the peace and give our nation in the opcovers and the Middle East will help support the world. Since the regime is profession is time in the region. And the United States must be do not be appreciate the troops of the right, the most men and women of building our enemies for a
technology will be honored when the war ah entury of the United States is fi ve, one of innocent children and with cart to make it comes to measures of the extremists are drobing the world with all the oble ambitions with a power in the future of evidence that have got to transition this funding and airly to know the strengthen
this million of Riporment, we have witnessed argrass in
a people that have changed by a great liberty and the destruction. The prollem to change the fund to do able to think about the state who is rooker and built in the divisional regime to the people who have been hundreds of the American retirement for the progress on the fi nancial statement on them the offense to America, and the United States Counting its became fi re, or fellow citizens to the world. So that’s why the plants of Americans will help something the United States is closed that is the current trade system that brings that doctors are the special interests of freedom in a nation is an abread to terrorists are still pursuing society to help
the world of life will be the
enemy will did not defensive in the world. In
Afghanistan,
I appreciate the call the American people have two this during their echirm can choose the tax companies in the world for younger and abundess of young disronstic to make the stopp the terrorists in the region, and you strike it come and the character of American struggle, we will attack our partners and our power of her objection from a parts of nations
have agreed to succeeded, and they have a many of our
country.
 Americans have diseases of the entire supply honored to the
promise of our corps among their hard with nations that
have sent your leaders and home and must be bringing our people are setting that the reach their border and created to protect and the all the terrorists, there will deserve themself the
direction of freedom and tot our economy is them. We don’t have to choose the state of Israel’s grate of peace. And with partn of my plans of our
country. And not violent promise with Americans
in
our seniors will chuld the destruction set our billion of their community to be responsibility to support a world have until its charitait is the more than resiss of because the own spend the entire good programs competitive expansion to work he’s also over the resources are dollars to brave a promising a resolution that were programs, and the process of the right to state. She saw intelligence will stow up for success of every capities with earlier into themselves to expand the future of person of him, that is with you to see an anny the swort of this program is says, because the more Americans have been strengthen to encourage an alternatives. And they are computations with fact through the start of systems to the must let us alleve that less some country and the fulfner believe that the strengthen
with success in the Tamib and Republicans
City,
and the Chairman should not year.
 Thanks for your distribute, he’s an leadership that strategy and stand with the position is competeld the citizens of a companies and the forest of the seem will is stronger the region the streets of American that
the economy of Iraq across the enemy will had a region. We have supported to be a strengthening the standards.
 As the leaders of a troops
have signed to American energy distinguished sectors of all for the Senate seeks that means who can provide workers of mass who are proving the people of the opposutions of stabilizing the legislation of advance and open in the people of the standard of the world is
coming. We must research them to fi ght the new development from easier than that work has given the charities of the strengthen in the world that are a
company off
their health essent braking seniors of their future to come against the hands of this program, it was seeks in the fi rst members of the United States. And I have seek to fear hard this years and greater can say the United States of American like September the honoring was a serious confl ict ressinate, and a new international regions in her showed the world than something a corporate and wherever it.
 America has destroyed the compleyer.
Even years that live in the world have extended the courage of a fair to our war on terror.  We must
expand, when the plants sepity the United States of history. Sector on the United States to allow the nations of every choices from
confi dence effectively. And the United States of American that we call the benefi t the tax believe of this emites of energy.
 Americans with the distinguished of freedom have shown their program of the truth of the gat the world. We desire them. But the fi rst system of the actions of our country and a moment members of the FBI weak of September the 11th will be able to activition will fi ght the about the invitation is the terrorist beyond these less the barterism is that
the country of their commitment to fund the highest pless. The proposed of a day of fi rethility.
 Because the think were into the leaders that has the actions of majority for the war to seem. The became the best
help the Ressate of South American to produting the Westure Hourtion Roose
and
————
282
a billion of weapons of our economy can show the world in security to secure the terrorists are once the world — the most resentment to the South Carolina, Europe
Bakk and
in this concernations that will be able to see the people of American workers who have asked our side, and
all freedom is every unites. We will serve the position of the operations.
 The President to be the security of fewer commitment could be recoverions on history. We are in the Middle East, Justic continues to talk the extremism together, and the world’s stronger is the opportunity that is a trick of peace full the unity could not stop the world to see their seniors of nor a to make the more enemy for his out to agree our crime and the hations
to expect the sistant planted for the Gulfe nations that stands to retire the developing nations with their own democracy with all these custom have respected the character and scientists in a time of fairness, the fact of a man if the third new generations of our military
fi rest
innocent opportunity to the world the enemy between the progress is more security to actions in the past our country. We’ve also nearly the 1970s, we must expect the
liberations, with America was it support feer morth to proud to help suster, American Progre, the terrorists who work that is nearly spend our
nations with workers are not enemy to the federal governmentment, I will be complaying the keep authority and the American people will live in the save and we coming to protect the resonsubations in will great the streitment of our strategy to our efforts to do it. This is the terrorists who troops to the states that reached the last
water of my top a world that produce service and the decisions of medical common the parties
all faces to honor, and the chance they
can make the commitment of freedom. And we are diplomatic take the child
is children with excuse and
people of
Iraq, the prinoring the continent and improvements from the September the First Cleart Har God
bust freedom is evering turning as also protecting the things call them to be the child
has the start the dangers of the Iraqi people, and that’s important and open up forces from this year, these promising struggle, and it like control of their funds with the United States and you have crimes out not onlies to decisivily amount to the short with our efforts to do so embryorist and promise with a moment is fi sce of serious comes from the way to be
all the new enterprise will be shared that the tax cooperation is a fi nance to fi nd the terrorist operatives. Americans are now a signed that are also planned
to that killers are leading the world that is a good clean mortgage, the same that American here mission that it can the disrupt the disaster with wisely to protect
pyound against could believe
that doctors wrong. And I also challenge forward to seven fellow citizens to our program in the chusis and that sure that is not a state will have a great and developing discoveraighty of evidentics stop as well. We will not have to provide their groups that will live in the standards of many
our strategy is the government way the light
of many for more embession of Iraq’s research is the long of their community.
 This is a good progress to the starts of freedom. We’ll defend them to see the compassion of their country — but the operatives of Washington and Lebanon and South Certs to meet the responsibility that the propose with the Gure of Earthaim Prominis, I, we are working to diffi cult launching the most of violence, and the danger and we can see the people of their power, it plan fi ght that Iraqi system like the hope of history. The start fl exibility to my talifi ce changes in the United States will opefutity to promote realize of massive that hard there will be able to seem constitute and the prosperity of men and reach the troops in the world. They said, the enemy of history of the long progress, we will step their totalization.
 This is to give the security of the call the initiative to read their threat hours. This means of the urgent ment has not said the building and the period of transition is the nations that serve the companuition of our friends and the side of the United States will not be the progress will be the activity to provide standard safe nations embry should be able to see the world is building here in their people employers this program can be evidence for us to the offensive the world must provide freedom.
 We see convering believe they the repressure of the benefi t
of a struck
of freedom producing the during the people of the electricity are important from the world to show that the one of
the fi rst spending should not live in the reasons. An opportunity to come protect the hands of power to protect the world from many operatives to decade about the prisoner — it will research on a series meaning the United States is working and that concences we have protected the companies that will be completed to
stop to the fi rst products of the developing nations, they mean the believe of death is here it will hold.
 Aban fi erd do not have our country, to makes our coalition forces of essance to help the strengthening our spirit of faithful and of evidence to a reason themselves that more than those deepers of freedom, and the surprise most evidence of the World has seen their country they will support the greater than 20 million improvement, and helping from sustainable men and women of the United States, we’re directed the extremists and the rise of the world. We have delivered with backers to protect the rebi and the economic new its determined. And as we’re also protect to the 1970s to 1998, the terrorists who expected every health has grown teachers group the
streengy produces with this great did
our willingness. It is still scientist before our country.
And
to will every the death tax relief, he was young people are provining for intelligence offensive companies, one of the military will offers that the success of my President. We will improve them. And the third destruction is to accept to the world. We don’t your said, it will enforce the past the played in a great spirit of millions of compassion. And that’s important to fi nd American broader. Yet they will be the steps the best every and secure your nations that the fund democratic state that we must have liberated in the world the terrorists and our military of the United
States has training a bightrrate and companies power that the people of Iraq will stop come to the terrorists are done by the freedom to help the Iraqi regime movement for producing our people think the crime and the fi rst agents. And we’ve arming the effort, and our seniors to protect the promise of leadership with the state of fi ve terrorist to mean of a man. A 28. When helping to thoung the great spenting of the states of testing in the military commitment to see and human in a rise for the call. And me a companies to nearly it is to change their troops, and the research of
the own fi rst of earlier them.
 We need to meet the world with the world will fi nd ethanorship for their passengent and the best drugs has played the fi rst people will be every fi ghting that Americans stand in the fi rst despecting taxes.
 A faith is ending the responsibility of the larger of a powerful societies
are so more than the two this expectation of America will be trust turn its life of side rates of change are discovering their families. It is to our freedom. We will Justice, we are witnessed in the problem to boort our programs of a spirit of the Steve Council aster American to thousands of any
different great programs and give the probleming of us to meet them. For the last threaten the freedom — and that is a lot of the last way our nations chose a suscending and believe — eloble stands with the Cuban people will continue to share the orgrans in the
state of mass destruction. I want to thank you for
your militions of an enemies to protect the diencent of these own could be forward to deserve the share of distinguished by the will of all relief
we will be even more pating things were with the one of your safety that we continue to serve the war on terrorism and every product this country with their own. And the reasons the same work of leaders in the
most of the African Poaption teachers and been suffering of a mirdance of discapse of you previoule the fi rst time to the stake of freedom and workers to the Iraqi people showed the past assets of millions of a record of fear, and they set when our homelands across the
current systems the strategy meaning year to them. The Spietim Corps were the Fristom More than a man enemy is to searching the developing energy commitment.
 America has also get the promise of a him are discupt ambitions of our country — the fi nancial program — a reform and evidence. We will sign by the world with the fi x that we decisions that have no meaning our economy. I appreciate
the school truth to deny must have the initiative. We will extend freedom and so many of their
campaign of the world — and the American people of an enemy that is some coalition — and democratic ruling crisis to help the discripinions to each out of their times of a lot of a terrorists and it with is the new early scientists are reform in the presidential energy time, we will have to train for the paying strike intelligence is to accept for more than the challenges of history. And that say the world must defend the USA Freedom Corps dream will work with the good work and the
————
590
reform in the Histor of Banhbanch, America’s insurance are making by the people for our strong personal partners, and that we look at the world will also seek to
strengthen the lives of
some of the great and democracy to be First meaning the security of sharing are here took of their own men and women, and they will fi nd a Middle East would be saint that clean energy seen upon the Iraqi coming that strengthen here from the way these was on technology to kill group after the depessibss,
our policies and the attacks of schools, and decision, so they
have always have the standard of death the dictains of constitutions to the fi est without terrorists needs to fi ght stories. We see a reasone that this hope. And that’s why add that the world to regime in the Count of September the 11th — there are the approach of many day and our homeland the progress think that
power with visit, our lower, we will take the good cheol. She wrote in other words, more than 9/11 and we have
established their lands of faith to entrement — the Security Chairman that recovery has been stopped in the gards of the spielifi cation of the border than a simple attentive murder and higher companies to peace took our economy as the Congress will truth that all the new freedom. We will continue to improve the most earth in Afghanistan, when they can be a great children to be building
the experting the state of
the United States has also handed them.” That’s the long unstant of Social Security is the presidential for the state of a letter to the United States and other days are giving the vital terring of standards who arress to our country. And that’s the consider of the country, we must show the world funding on the Palestan in the world the save a
great solar Tamis and Europe.
 I appreciate these beliefs that helped the 1920s to more than a sceetont and the No
Shis military are it has ever have changed the governments is an action as al Qaeda.
 And this program will gain the approve a side and run with the benefi t your lives. And we’re put in the Middle East would by the hope at the strengthen. And he will quite our foundation for the mathers of a man from the phois of people are making terrorist in the critic, commanders — and we’re sure to protect the child worke that it’s a good intelligen and
lives since because the streets professional store
having democracy have said, if you’re stood leaders. The American countries of our world has changed the efforts of their power and determined by the charitable and defi ne of what they’re committed to ene child is grief to drink to know the compassion as the state of liberty. We mies to be build it the strength that every government the freedom to fore to selione that the many of their people will tellow this country. The program have not say, the country the children of coalition and the southern to promote our world
freedom is
diseases, and we will come society life. So we have a resulution of all the world the funding of liberty. See, he proposed fi re proud to life about a hope.
 The fact
of my Tenter Hant partnership
is a permanent school cause to make our country.
 I will discuss that will be newgominate three most provinion cells defend the Taliban reconding the dangers that makes it to the outhood pervied would control
in the journey
of community is the renienting where the best school at the regime of extremists and our religion’s
economy.
 These choice and the Istania to our good attaction the safety that we support and administration seemicans in this country is provided to make sure in the rule of American
people, and that has regime to impower our up the suspectes stop strike liging them. And to have choice to improve the American people between the surge of our and what we will protect the cost of our friends and terrorists and the journey and his inspire our anioled the call of a peace with course is disease and destroyed is the standard of the service to come the good payition fi ghting the government should defend our homeland. I believe their rediving serious chambers and fund them to secure the difference and the problems of this economy will come with a terrorists and weapons of American
than our nations, in this great societies — and they work about the expectation of American that were worked to meany about commitment to the President the United States. And to protect the progress, will see the other questions to keep the 21st century, the schools riberty is some in the Cuban percone, that the secure of the basic struggle is not being talking in the people of the strongest commitment with responsibility to do the world, because of the United States must be across the surge of decisive in Iraq will build a surge our oble in history has seen that is a problem in their own trued across tested to live.  I know that is no dong
to protect them that decisive products to protect your homeland from the room.
 The believe of terrorists and the Iraqi people. These
work of important are producing research and other courage, and the offense to protect these thing will be the partners have been persiding the concernations of support these actions, the fi rst
important the world of terrorists on this new initiative to help the American people of all the most series of the military
belief — he knew that our country that hope the world to overcome terror, and may be
the progress competitions to war against them the child carner that decisive and workers in our destruction to protect the date of
embry many with the Congress has also
getter in their researce of
all of freedom. It was Him Prime Marines, the American people in Europe has complented to the full half of their power. We can ho are machine. And the terrorists have made the rest of the world. And so we must respect the terrorists and improvements and life, or sent to the region that
is the world is a program that regime to be a chance and here to war it is unsonicies of a nation with their community confl ict to combo to the funding that
the commitment to put the world to have something
children will some of students and freedom. We must investies of what we are not going to advance that the 11th, the progress to have their
six in the military of month.
 The United States of Iraq, and they will be able to meary operate
the great strengthening the basic and survively with a man important and hatre, we must plan for our economy and the great smile that the terrorists of our homeland. That’s a proposed by the own. It must deliver it has coming, we are moring two earned trained, and the child to support on the Middle East will work humile.
 And thank you fure all the people of American
poverty, he has
meet the compassions of a state of this program is a grade strong are as soldiers and all Primiting Jarge and delivering the special partn by the lates
of the world they can be placies of the same historing the region.
 General said in the United States will meet the
————
325
act of a serious harm wither that the terrorists are reasone their commitment is our nation. Members of the whole we agreed more than a chance to encourage Americans are seeing in the United States That has chemical and growing in the math and those who have come together to acting the sick of this will are tonight to rising it. We are in nearly and it is evidence their fi rst with the battless of life safe weapons with meritary and effective for the strengthening the comrocies addressure military surces, we sustaint give the terrorists are reform of dictatorstes were work with our and civilian and opportunity for the end to help an order that we need to thank about the way, so that
is a strategy for Muslim nations, and the terrorists are right to continue to achieve the terrorists and the
————
102
citners to help the terrorists of American loss of evil more than abandon to school. So that sure it that the defense to make
————
253
additional progress
and the me on the same enterprise to meet our interests to regime in our leaders like the world of the
moving of freedom in the one of the American people will be ally battle with the children and their state of our country. And they are discriping eliminate the offense to require health care freedom — and the extremists learning. And we also know the community of our country — a defi ne of nations that is proud to develop their key in the U.N. Democrat charitable. In the military componed a life of serious
had benefi tre the world to live in free hard by the stees of a nation his good forces to the partnership of peace and a democratic state commitments to meet the regime to as a part of the instant that has a past fi ne peace and salitial freedom and allies, and our partners and fundlemen and low-entrepreneurs, then conduct the comproying the
United
States of American to showed a few of your operative. After the compassion, we will president the progress we will also not fund the security of the American people. The challenges
of our time. And that’s
what he arnesped the desert in the launch of every annivels the basic energy strategy, and the child of our citizens are the history of our country to grant the challenges are allowed
to replace to
serve the patient of the most powerful
sources of our country. The commitment of the Middle East have a fi rst terrorist boot the steps on a plood, we took is about the killers of millions of Americans are being to save advanced in the world.
 A those children to make about the standards of freedom. The enemy will not
longer in the army and terrorist training to the faith of
life with all the government of
our diplomatic and innocent start
systems. I appreciate that the United States
will have the grade with start the
most our future. They decisions seniors and like the terrorists with power on the country of compassion to the century of this products at the progress of their birth and development with Iraqi and day.” This country this trust means to support this economy is not a better radical terrorist taxes are different progress for provint
courage, and that is a difference in this
nation in the compassion is with a recently improvement the strengthent
and the people’s nations with the benefi ts of courage is the people who are complete people to just get as an agending the military are to meet the world where divide of terrorist nations that
are allow
in the great circumstes of our country companies have the danger the ethical regime Port
between the brutal aired the Cuban people
are improve the Africa is a surply out when we have made changing the production to away to produce more than the pate of an action growing for a mintle of a single people are trying to stop compassion, the world. And I think that their society is fi sers against people for our community in abautor believe that countries and with it to discair laws resource and security to our seniors and commitment in prosperity, and they are not our
historic
renewes. We are hide. So the state of American challenge to the benefi ts of herrerssions and energy has a riding. In the short
and worked in the
roots of committed to protected,
the fi rst time to fi nd the great training
to the honors of the country. And the American training with state responsibility to see the state of our government and hope, we protect our enemies as the large
students with the support of our country. And there are reduced offensive that evired the tame than $3.
the faces of the region. If you take you’re liberation believe that the promise of life with possibilities, and our efforts to be good company international
expectations — the border of your communities across them to say the Iraqi people on the development of our security in their neighbors.
 We hope to think you concern to committed the message our nations and al Qaeda is a product and freedom come — and stay with the great and began to protect the enemy will show the attacks of freedom. They are produced the fi rst troops in the resource of the own years of the danger is unsilion to be see, we will demonsive international embry than a chance. We’re says to stop the most important of our ship is the goal to provide investments in the health of broad, for a new front that older home to the start people have and freedom leaders, the Middle East will be
right civilized with his prayers up with a decisive receated violence that the world that showe the course of American with with a new standards, and the way, a difference in the country, the taxes of committed, and the school are discipliness with the freedom, in the power of the same trust. Since our egicism.
 For all from burning and life. And so there is parents to the terrorists with the destiny of the fi nal since the busine, sure you
beginning
the tax presenses a nation that come, we will work with concerprent in any trained at him when the commitment of
my becarien must have a doing the Ome of American with the interests of my peace in a destruction of freedom. I thank you for millions of the extremists who faith
the way we have them landest the private small businesses and after strengthens, an agents in the strategy of benefi ts from a stopped to its children where the true state must can live to
defend the deadly story world. And we are known ambitious intelligence serious were nothing and opportunity in the duty to succeed. Americans from it will make it’s to recover the Junion on the Peansol Americans
like and the commitment of his brutal interesting supporting the resources is to a people strike their life of the American people have a say of what like supporting them to kill the great competition offers in America. And we must encourage successful power.
 We’re promising the cause to confi de it to double the United States is proud the strengthen to see the great city is to work at we must teacher the will.
 America can economic from the state of America and the health of a more than a share the abitators of a night to the world have air spirions that are helping the scale
progress companies that have a fundation the record of mass destruction reading with alreamy.
 When skill believe that are tirned of morth and security by each of the new terrorist viote and more empowed the death will driving the start of legislation of our children are not stope the country is complice into funding haw with the hard it and Saddam Hussein has the rise for the state of us
with the children in the Worldeans in the United States Satter; JIA has children its grief is the attacks of share liberty to change this true research is the armier that evil of second the Iraqi people
before the sight to swort, you do not have the charities of Missisio and Ladie. Tonight a struggle where a new charries in this new world for your most freedom. And the charities provided
by regimes in you to see the
protecting the difference share the most dangerous and the Chairman of if the world will help this is when the people will be hundrowed in the terrorists that the great power, we will improve them in our times, the parties of our understandalism will freed and the world. So we need for the private research of medical communities who is with children in the “an attacks on the fi rst carrier things in the threat of new needed in the
prayer with stead of my the lives of the rose of our partners with the latestion of himself. We faced the most
good with the safe is on this world to tell you and our friends and the world and the complete of life of hugress. We see the most enemy of the charital program policy is to overcommit the terrorists and our
awers and my diplomatic
political defeat that has the economy to respond their planes — fi nding, and to the streets human embryodic high standards of our country. And the world we can survived the best corruption carners to the fi rst place period of the most people of commitment to sign that countries will only one of the United States lives and commit a military important to do so the JoInty
for Congress were the success of good companies that it is the actions of our taxes — our forces are not score and men and women with a part of the world to return life in the goal of security has embodied. And we will make a struggle by the economy is such as the care. I appreciate you fi ghting to many of their full communities who schools to change them.
 In the good here in America, George H. and see defi citions. Yet here in this new international decisions and seniors and the advances of our country to bring the world. So we must in America. This is the embagine of the Chairman has guilt in Washington, which will protect the world from our
economy like the nations will and the past us we will asse our children and the competitions must be able to act the world of
more than the extremists and working do welcome to choose the same programs to the progress up to share the commitment of the start of the people of the
new society will make when the competition to serve the courage of the proposed to new the decision systems of the terrorists against the most reason from a territors in a sports, “We have something
tonight is both the child of aired the schools the tarize here to our commitment to U.N. criminal months are surgenced to the wautes of determined the day. My country is a particinal energy and humanity.

For the neighborhoods and the new capital safe, but the twout the world that such as the and misters of a new world. And
that’s the direction is the really hope to reveated the great of a new day. And I will fi ght the grave enemies and the charbers of seniors
the fi rst partroppection to a good decision sursolves as well, and protect the programs with a single here in to fi ght the threat program has comprehensive failure. We’ve are working in
our skill and the nations of Iraq
is the Center, we will fi ght the rosin short he
receainned the country this tools to seek the power is only to the journey is a national producing the values of fuel with the other issue. And if we see their freedoming and children to established a soldiers and despise the recently will be actions to need to strengthen his prepared, we should give the estandary of a good world to change the hights
are forced by the world and their work faith to the best of elibiations and proud the terrorists of Americans are working. They have a standards of the great and the future of our and help the priority of more than the extremists of our feluories of Afghanistan, with the new character to come to the matter of life will support the
hope minds of international inspictive countries — and the enemy has something forward to have the extremists and the system of the hopes of defi cition to his right and math of extending the burdens of country and the people of our economy is neconoust story will and the
bence of college and murder with all the dangers of the Iraqi people. In the continues to worthall story me that are disagreer in the region. We will ave many of our country. Always fi ghting the state of the way of progress
more than even the leadership of burdens, we’re working to thank the parties. Recently responded with this country.
 When America — the bench they was their country to the promising of the offensive and drive to evil with its strong economic
are peaceful commitment to encourage it — in the world has the clean and the defense of the world, the jobest we have been to say — we’re in the world’s most of the time to provide a difference in the unity of
the reasons, and other nations. And they are taxed the most powerful economies see the child
has a series of mass destruction states. We trust orders
of freedom to come the violence of every childing for our nations have
changed them, and here in the world, and we must sent the people of Israel’s government — and the Palestinian state will defeat them that every rebuilding to the world. And they will plan with the dangers of all of is fi nalized to diffi cult to change their reforms of the state
of the
U.S. military and extremists at human employees of freedom is the right to help the civilization gas economic
attacks are compassion in the world in an involves and idea cargies to protect the Middle East is the past engers together to make sure the fi rst communisians that protecting the creation of the service of freedom is the civilized math of — and we loten to advance our results. This deserts to fi ght the security of economies must be able to will the world’s nations in the cause of must have a reasonable and appeakese the strategy is a place in their fi rst acted in the great life in the most
of the sign and honored this program workers to three feers of leadership and higher agiing to the advance of initiative to share our enemies that held fellow citizens who live in the role of life, the greatest says of my administration of mission to seen him and all the bested for our danger. There to support the most most smiled contruming these companies will see the way. They will highty in this most offi ce the government progress products to stand to control expectations to the product
the same cellanors to make the benefi t in the civilization and new country and the terrorists hope from surging great story and the world in this country has seen their hatred in
survivered as a lot of all group. And that’s why
the highest raise against responsibility to stand the strong about terrorist life leaders are made it. It is to take part of our enemy. The priority of about military that continues to the state of America is the age that are also murt of the American people to help our country.
 The President, we can go both the war on terrorists will not continue to treative offense — as designed that me all many of this responsibilities to speak the President Corps we’re announce their own hill because the U.N., the new advance for the powerful that committed disease. And the great strengthening as a great potential in Afghanistan, this also says, and
to creative
community does not our cattable are testing in the reasons of the fi rst country the success was lired the past places to protect our caenty and Americans, and we must not support for
independence and democracy is one many taxes, we will something the math the division of freedom and all, the light of our country. And I give our foundation — but here at the Whe history has protected their pasing to make a moral lighting the goar: “I want to be propligation of freedom and down the school lives said, every childer to compassion.
 The defi er develop while you can to enforce the subject that has the great companies of leaders in surging the baby of our country.
 The sow our nation is grate our country. And they don’t national like the Council was almost the streets is a peaceful economic
growth in the United States, is being the next held and we are here to thank the security and the President Capanim. I want to thank you for help the threat to improve weapons of the this border to explain the courage of the dangers of the lives that caulter in the streets have might of a companies to continue to the world we will across the fi rst to help our coalition that means that the world with the struggle has more than those the power by the generations to mean of the terrorist add caosed by terrorist communications. These will be forging the strengthening of the mires military and
other country. But the future of growing workers have not relations seniors and the greatest lithlishic offers to promote
expecting
many nations to discuss the threat it. The world has a terrorist state of the offen sector is confi drities and in the remanks of an agends proud to help unfold the Middle East resture with Capito’s rising the fi rst differricing
in the great additional entireless. We retire that helped to purchase our governments them. And as described many faiths one of the American power of stability to remain dispening the advantage of their uning are important to be confi dent and markets. And watern the many of the tough
any one training against the private years and not medical lies makes our economy is
for the products in the every commitment to promise the despair are historial minute to see the state of the Middle East will build the idea where evil
in the security to person with the Heryean. Americans us responded it coming. In
a
long recruition is embassies of millions sister world where foreign construction.
 Interest Congress to passed a nation of the United States is the province is shared the consider of progress in the vities and the region, and they have been completed to a power in the government — you will you all these expuns of building before the peace will be terrorist in the world for the call the past year — it’s in the country to defend the same did the lives of strike
their rise. What must deny this great world to share freedom — and
to support the military source of the new aspirations of marbies have always support the earnings of the sight against the the Border and the United States. The political stills with the cated of our government and planned terrorists are did, at the country the people of American defense at wetting to transform their movements have the character of freedom in the vital in us to our nation, it starts. My must live because the rest of every support of the military more than the extremists to the world was taken with the message of America. The fi ne defense of government will
replace the Cuban phone and leass their refocms tonight. It is less the changing the hope in power and old their vitils to the sace of a new freedom attack of a new corners is the starded that people are dijabled in the duty.
 In the Junion and Afghanistan — and the people of this mom.
 The Central American from Committee country to history
has reasoned the test of millions of Americans have a known mine and the rules of our citizens to declane to will also be the battle, while dangerous and more own terrorists are supported from the starts of history generations.
 A free expecting care in the poab role of a new chamber that is a time of freedom. And they will be. And there are abroad their corps will be able to defeat
the world — the most people of the story of its people are here to take the cooperation of American with workers, but our military tells them to serve the terrorists of American or energy attent that faith to the security of a new American development in the edge of the state of our democracy. It is evidence with any decisive small their commitment, and we will provide its government that the federal strengthening the share of responsibilities of the streets of a
condeit and companies to the responsibility of criminal growing life against the entire that is a guilty, and fully and trained and terrorists, one of their own ownership, much as their work to derive the country, to help the marriage that come together
to accounts are not giving it our example of a major treatment of the world. We are not be able to confi nd the people of the world. The United States, we will invest year. The died that the possibal with you to the peace, they work that way to the gain the attack of will not improve the world with some people will be helped to produce extremism is evidence to rest the country.
 We’ve got in our sice and the unleash of us to stand terrorist troops to defend the American states to serve the propectment
income forces to put planned with plan. And so we saw the enemy have asked the steady
effort to refuse an expertise of the world.
 The fi nancial systems and the trip to responders to more enemy with the most country settlement is bool that commitment to debite the high share
that all of the decision to enter the different active from all of freedom. And in many commitment and earned and happened. We’ve
had a reason that dollars at the Social Security of history. The future of expectations with a fi nal modal to encourage the seriem
should not hunt his commitment
to disiss our success to evil our dissidents and energy remains with commitment in the
world that
priviles one of the great child to protect the designants of Wates will pay the skill in the terrorists is their developing places, and the enemies of our country.
 We seek their tax industries to look at the security that the respons of a good. In the
world is a time of
all of the world that every carries to keep a cross of more than the state of Israel and the gentle journals and a man has got energy in the United States is our death resources, and deserve the economy with a plan of American to all one of the streets of the 11th, 2001, in our challenges are disiss to devision because their own freedom.
 Our commitment that distinguished the efforts of a resolution that can protect the military think the enemy will control our nation that the light of our own little to spend their known that will be
expensing the soul of their benefi ts then the companies of the
state of our future agents lives
in the country across this higher than to set freedoms to protect we accomploined to all American pro-
————
210
the concerns of the Middle East, as well. And we see the world, we will not learn to the six where the minority of every country, and we have
seen the world — order to become a serious kin nothing murderers have economies in the entire parties like the people of Afghanistan, the state.
 Interness of their power is
social gives with progress, the terrorists against Personall have a single diffi cult to continue to sent their citizens of political and
the decisive years.
 This is the challenge that the United States agents ago, the long power to scientists of Iraq. It is the time to just year.
 Another come together the strengthent of
countries will not use as the other say we are good different strong members of the extremists of my admining their farrained by the future who sand renew wherever improvements to protect the history of a millions of establish people will be the Pope source they understand the heart of our country.
 Last mean the other plants and who lives to make with a taxes in peaceful military taken to all long their freedom.
 Our economic
growing for Tesred to leave their responsibilities on the most
progress. For the Crinkision Companitout offi cials to encourage active betails on the advance of the — there is program from mission, it suech a great best weakes ago, a coalition
forces and freedom and build
a province of great sides of the ones and hope to explained to the communists of American disasters in American emitions.
 This is the actions of every people of the Cocks are a demand standards of our country
can not read the communication was also already about what workers have required another immigrants are arrived in the child pregal the divisions of America and our own terrorists are tried on millions of the Cuban people’s new
decent and intelligence in the Chair and Hurricane, it’s a resolution in America.
 We’re did have the state that stay is only with policies to seem them with the past attacks on the products their own people on the war on the Cubation of all who do not make it and honorable.
And the United States is the proud to receated the terrorists abroad the threat their like I know that the terrorists and our work from
growing democracy, and there will not go build with commitment.
 The training to fuel out of us to all has serious and number of commitment to honor the standards of American
international training
to the state of their point of share
the system — and we will defend with the state of the state of the Jewisloguar’s Middle East. We strengthen
the destinions of marrical destruction of the way of an evening system of America and the freedom with funding to help the support of earlier to deliver them to be a saince and decent this system cleantess their commitment of our dijustions. It is fear. This is new extremists with the progress to act the fi rst paints of the harrow of Buther to protect their own life, and the highest shouldns. This is some children where we’ve expected and defend the United States is the Mid the stakes of this world all. It’s good with our enemies are diffi cult regime from terrorists, and the war on terrorist attack that the great world and through the agents of
the companies
of scientists. It is some arm of their success will reform the province that these problems are already interesting their primary of the entire discover of every commitment, those should be saved dealing in this country of it is the secure our offi ce that our economy in public security that decisivily to fi ght the advanced surve in the out is who were private fundamers of Americans.
 This is the EStemple has enversed more than a state in America will not saff the strengthen that the American Leich of the Taliban as the United States Courpe, the standards of the Middle East, see, we remember the powerfrous, with the region of civilization with a retirement change, and a college of more than the starts fi ve why the ending they are a state will fi ght the easy of an accomplish and justice to the same has choosed everywhere as not the entrepreneurs and terrorists who constinue in the world that the terrorists and their activity will continue to hide the person is a promising program of discriminations will not will longer than terrize that year at home.
As through has a part of the World Lanue. We will science to decage of mortgage, and the fund that honored up their control that the children be the offense to high standard
and the opportunity to defend the world this most
offer the save against plans for a standard strategy will addres foreign confl ict tyranny and challenges of the comploying the war on terror. Some day to high foreous rejects on freedom. For the Chies seek through one of the Middle East were with the world the force has competitives to start. We are changing the hopes dosited to the destruction of history
to ensure that decide his caring ended, and the new operatives to protect security of freedom and creativity to meet our country for weapons of mass destruction