Wow.  God bless the great state of Iowa.  I want to thank each and every one of you for being here.  I want to thank Citizens United and my good friend Steve King for putting this on.  You know Steve and I spent all week in Washington, DC  so it is great to be back in America.

We're living in remarkable times.  Just a couple of weeks ago, walking down the hall of the Capitol, I ran into a janitor carrying a screwdriver, who was coming to change the sign on Harry Reid's door.

And Iowa played a big part in that by sending us Joni Ernst.

And I for one sure am glad that we have a farmer as chairman of the Judiciary Committee.

Today is the 50th anniversary of Winston Churchill's passing.  Churchill stood as a lion in winter, a voice against the darkness that was sweeping the globe.  And I'll tell you 50 years later we are facing threats every bit as ominous.  And today, like then, we need the clarity of thought and voice and action that Churchill provided.  One of the very first acts President Obama did upon being elected was sending Churchill's bust back to the U.K., and I think that foreshadowed everything that was to come the next six years.

Now I'll tell you I'm very happy that here with me today is my wife Heidi.  Heidi is an incredible mom, she's a fantastic businesswoman, and she is my very best friend in the entire world.  And you know we're blessed to have two little girls at home.  Caroline who's six, Catherine who's four.  And I'll tell you Heidi and I are here for the same reason that all of y'all are here.  Because we look at what's happening in this country and we fear for our children; we fear for our grandchildren.

So what I want to talk to you about today is reigniting the miracle of America.  This country was built on an extraordinary miracle.  The miracle of America began with a revolutionary idea, which is that our rights, they don't come from government, they come from God Almighty.  And the Constitution, it serves as Jefferson said, as chains to bind the mischief of government.

This country was built on incredible opportunity that if you're a single mom waiting tables you can do anything; if you're a teenage immigrant washing dishes you can do anything.  There's been no country in the history of the world that has allowed so many millions with nothing to come and seek the unlimited dreams of their potential.

And third, the miracle of America has been American exceptionalism, that we are the indispensable nation, a voice, a clarion voice for freedom and we will back down to no face of tyranny.

Now how do we bring that back.  How do we reignite the miracle of America?  It is the most important cause that unifies us together and Iowa believes in the miracle of America.

Number one we champion jobs and economic growth and opportunity.  We bring back and environment where small businesses are growing. are creating opportunity; we get the senseless obstacles from Washington out of the way.  That means tax reform and regulatory reform.  It means sending the locusts of the EPA back to Washington.  I was once out in West Texas and I said, you know the thing about folks from the EPA is unlike locusts you can't use pesticide against them, and an old farmer looked at me and said, wanna bet?

And the most important regulatory reform we can do is we need to repeal every word of Obamacare.  We need tax reform.  And the most important tax reform we can do is we need to abolish the IRS.  We need a simple flat tax that's fair, that every American can fill out his or her taxes on a post card.  There are 110,000 employees at the IRS.  We need to padlock that building and put every one of those 110,000 on our Southern border.  Now I say that somewhat tongue in cheek, but think about it for a second.  Imagine you had traveled thousands of miles through Central America, through the heat.  You're swimming across the Rio Grande, and the first thing you see is 110,000 IRS agents.  You'd turn around and go home too.

The second key to reigniting the miracle of America is we need to defend our constitutional rights. Every single one of them.  The First Amendment, the Second Amendment, the Fourth, the Fifth, the Tenth Amendment.  You know no liberty has been more under assault in recent years than religious liberty.  Whether it is the federal government going after Hobby Lobby, a Christian company, or going after the Little Sisters of the Poor.  And by the way, here's a real good rule of thumb: if you're litigating against nuns, as the Obama administration is, you've probably done something wrong.

You know I'm sorry to say one of the most graphic threats to religious liberty occurred in my home town of Houston, where the City of Houston subpoenad five pastors and demanded of those pastors hand over your sermons, hand over your sermon notes.

Now let me tell you a story that's going to lift up your hearts.  When that happened, that Wednesday, I decided we were going to try to bring together a group of pastors to have a rally in defense of religious liberty.  So Heidi and I, we're members of First Baptist in Houston, we called our pastor, Pastor Greg Mott.  And I said Pastor, you've seen what's happened with the subpoenas.  He said, oh yeah Ted, I've been praying about it all morning.  And I said well listen, we want to hold a rally; we want to bring pastors together; we want to do it tomorrow, Thursday at 11 a.m..  And I wanted to ask you, can we do it at the church; would you be willing to host it at the church?

And Pastor Greg begins laughing.  And he said, you know Ted, God sometimes moves in ways we cannot understand long before we have any awareness of it.  He said a month ago, God put it on my heart to begin praying for our city, and a month ago he said, I reached out to pastors across the city of Houston and invited them to come to my office to pray for our city.  He said we have 50 pastors from around the city coming to my office tomorrow at 10 a.m..  I'll tell you it took both our breaths away.  And so the next morning I joined those pastors at 10 a.m.; we spent an hour on our knees in prayer for the city.  We then went down to a rally with over 50 pastors from across racial lines, across ethnic lines, across denominational lines.  Heck, we even had First Baptists and Second Baptists.  And that ain't easy.

And we stood in that rally together and we said, Caeser has no jurisdiction over the pulpit.  And when you subpoena one pastor, you subpoena every pastor.  Now I'll tell you believers all over Texas, all over the country lifted up the situation.  Conservatives spoke out, and the heat and pressure was so great that the city folded under and withdrew the subpoena.  We've got to defend our constitutional liberties.

And third, we need to restore America's leadership in the world.  Over the past six years we have seen the fruits of the Obama-Clinton foreign policy of receding from leadership in the world.  Leading from behind doesn't work.  Just a couple of weeks ago we were horrified at the terrorist attack in the streets of Paris, and then horrified again when over 40 world leaders came in solidarity and yet missing from that rally, graphically, was the United States of America.

You cannot fight and win a war on radical Islamic terrorism if you're unwilling to utter the words radical Islamic terrorism.  I would note that the depraved men who flew the planes into the twin towers and the Pentagon and to that field in Pennsylvania, they weren't a bunch of ticked off Presbyterians.  I think some of the Presbyterians like that.

And you know Paris also illustrates that a big ocean doesn't mean we're protected from radical Islamic terrorism.  It's one of the reasons I've joined with Steve King and Chuck Grassley to introduce the Expatriate Terrorist Act that says that if an American takes up arms with ISIS, he forfeits his or her citizenship.

Now Iowa, Iowa plays a unique and special role in the political process.  The men and women gathered here today and across the state, you have a responsibility that you take very seriously to scrutinize any candidate for national office, to look them in the eyes and to hold them to account.  I've got to say a lot of people have the reaction: I don't trust politicians.  And that's worth applauding because I agree with it.  You know in a Republican primary every candidate's going to come in front of you and say, I'm the most conservative guy to ever live.  Gosh darn it, hoo diddly, I'm conservative.

Well you know what, talk is cheap.  The word tells them you shall know them by their fruit.  And one of the most important roles that the men and women in this room, the men and women in Iowa will play is to look each candidate in the eye and say, don't talk, show me.

If you say you support liberty, show me where you stood up and fought for it.

If you say you support religious liberty, show me where you stood up and fought for it.

If you say you oppose Obamacare, show me where you stood up and fought against it.

If you say you oppose the president's unconstitutional executive amnesty, show me where you stood up and fought.

If you say you support life and you support marriage, show me where you stood up and fought.

If you say you'll stand up to the Washington establishment, the career politicians of both parties that have gotten us in this mess, show me where you've stood up and fought.

If you say you oppose Common Core, show me where you've stood up and fought.

And if you say you stand with our friend and ally the nation of Israel, show me where you've stood up and fought.

Together, we need to reassemble the Reagan coalition.  We need to unify, we need to bring together conservatives and evangelicals and libertarians and Republican women and Reagan Democrats and young people.  We need to bring together a coalition of Americans who want to believe again in the miracle of America.

Now some might say, this is hard; this is really hard.  The media tells us it can't be done.  The media says give up, abandon hope, go on home.  But you know each of us has seen miracles every day.  We've seen miracles in our own lives, in our own families.  Many of y'all here know my father, Pastor Rafael Cruz.

My dad has been my hero my entire life.  When he fled Cuba as a teenager with nothing after being imprisoned and tortured he was full of hope and opportunity.  But let me tell you a different aspect of his story you may not have heard.  Which is he and my mother moved to Canada in the oil and gas business.  The Canucks in the room they're giving us some love.

And I'll tell you, when I was born, when I was a little boy neither of my parents knew Christ.  Both of them were living fast lives, both of them were drinking too much.  And when I was three years old my dad decided he didn't want to be married any more.  He didn't want to be a dad to his three-year old son.  So my father got on a plane and he flew back to Houston.  And back in Houston he was working in the oil and gas business when a friend and colleague invited him to a Bible study and invited him to Clay Road Baptist Church.  And he gave his life to Jesus.  And it transformed his heart and he went to the airport and he bought a plane ticket and he flew back to Calgary, and he flew back to my mother and he flew back to me.

You know some people ask if faith is real.  I can tell you first hand in my family and my life if it were not for the redeeming love, if it were not for faith in Jesus Christ I would have been raised by a single mom without the love of my father in the household.

Men and women all throughout here have experienced miracles just like that in our lives, transforming.  The Amazing Grace, how sweet the sound that saved a wretch like me.  Compared to that the challenges we face in this country are nothing.

From the beginning of this country, God's providential blessing has been on the United States of America.

When we stood up against the mightiest army on the face of the Earth and won a revolution as a rag-tag bunch of colonists, it was only with God's blessing that we did so.

When we survived the horrible Civil War that ripped us apart to expunge the original sin of slavery, it was only with God's blessing that we came back and were stitched together as a nation.

When we stood with Winston Churchill to defeat the Nazis and the scourge of evil, it was only with God's blessing that we saved freedom on this planet.

And when President Reagan stood before the Brandenberg Gate and said Mr. Gorbachev tear down this wall, it was only with God's grace and blessing that we won the Cold War.

We have done it before over and over again, and we can do it again.  We can come together.   And the answer, the reason I am hopeful, the reason I am optimistic is because of each and every one of you.  The answer is the grassroots, is the American people.  We are working to build a grassroots army all across this country.  The answer will not come from Washington; it will only come from the American people.  So I would ask every one of you that has your cell phone, I would ask you on your cell phone to text the word "Constitution" to the number 33733.  I'm going to give you that again.  The word "Constitution" to the number 33733.  What we're working to do is to bring together that same coalition of men and women across Iowa, across this country to say we do not accept losing this country.  We will together reignite the miracle of America; we will together bring back that shining city on a hill that is the United States of America.  Thank you and God bless you.

Let me first of all say, to God be the glory. Tonight is a victory for the grassroots. Tonight is a victory for courageous conservatives across Iowa, and all across this great nation. Tonight the state of Iowa has spoken. Iowa has sent notice that the Republican nominee for the next president of the United States will not be chosen by the media. Will not be chosen by the Washington establishment. Will not be chosen by the lobbyists. But will be chosen by the most incredible powerful force, where all sovereignty resides in our nation by we the people. The American people. Tonight, thanks to the incredible hard work of everyone gathered here, of courageous conservatives across the state.

To put in perspective, your incredible victory that you have won tonight. That is the most votes ever cast for any Republican primary winner.

Tonight is a victory for millions of Americans, who have shouldered the burden of seven years of Washington deals run amok. Tonight is a victory for every American who's watched in display as career politicians in Washington in both parties refuse to listen and too often fail to keep their commitments to the people. Tonight is a victory for every American who understands that after we survive eight long years of the Obama presidency, that no one personality can right the wrongs done by Washington. The millions who understand that it is a commitment to the constitution to our shared insistence that we rise and return to a higher standard, the very standard that gave birth to the greatest nation that the world has ever known. To the revolutionary understanding that all men and all women are created equal. That our rights do not come from the democratic party or the Republican party or even from the tea party. Our rights come from our creator.

And the federal government's role, the federal government's responsibility is to defend those fundamental rights, to defend us. And while Americans will continue to suffer under a president who has set an agenda who is causing millions to hurt across this country I want to remind you of the promise of scripture. Weeping may endure for a night, but joy cometh in the morning. Iowa has proclaimed to the world, morning is coming. Morning is coming. From day one this campaign has been a movement. For millions of Americans to organize, to rally, to come together. Whatever Washington says, they cannot keep the people down, and tonight is a testament to the people's commitments to their yearnings to get back to our core commitments, free market principles. The judeo-christian values that built this great nation. When the Washington lobbyists settled on other lobbyists in this race. When the media in one voice said a conservative cannot win, nationwide over 800,000 contributions poured in to tedcruz.org as courageous conservatives said, yes, we can.

800,000 contributions at tedcruz.org with an average contribution of $67. That is the power of the grassroots. But it's more than that. It's 12,000 volunteers here in the state of Iowa. It's over 200,000 volunteers all across this great nation. You know, during the course of this campaign people have asked Heidi and me are you tired? And I will admit it is 16, 18 hours a day, 6, 7 days a week. We are not tired at all.

To the contrary, we are inspired by each and every one of you. I leap out of bed every morning amazed that at a time when our country is in crisis, every one of us has the opportunity to stand and lead, that we have been put in a place of leadership. For such a time as this.

I'm inspired by the stories of heroism that I see every day, working men, like Jerry Dunleavy from Columbus, Ohio. Who requested an entire month off his job to come to Iowa to live at camp Cruz and to volunteer full time. When his employer refused to give him time off, Jerry quit his job and came anyway. I love the great state of Iowa.

I'm inspired by people like Elliott gazer and Josh hammer, students at the university of Chicago who spent their winter break at camp Cruz. But they came back this weekend and hit the phones and they hit the pavement, campaigning to students across this country, upon graduation, rather than having mountains of debt will instead have 2, 3, 4, 5 high-paying job offers and a chance at the American dream. I'm inspired by people like Alexandra, a 13-year-old girl from Lubbock, Texas, who, yesterday, at our campaign headquarters made 823 volunteer calls.

That has always been the strength of this campaign. Are the men and women gathered here and courageous conservatives lifting this country up in prayer each and every day. And let me say our leadership team, our Iowa state chairman, Matt Shultz, what an extraordinary job. You have done organizing a grass roots army. Let me say to our Iowa state director, Brian English, what an amazing job Brian has done.

And to our national co-chairmen, Bob Vander Plaats and Steve King, these men have become dear and trusted friends. They are warriors. They are men of principle. They stand and speak the truth. They stand to defend their values and let me tell you, these leaders, day after day, week after week, have been crawling under broken glass with knives between their teeth. I'm grateful for the support the early support of my friends. We're grateful for the over 150 pastors across the state of Iowa who joined our team to energize people of faith. We're grateful to the state senators, to the state representatives, to the volunteer leaders in each of the 99 counties who stood up and said we will be heard and this will be decided by the grass roots. And then, I am so grateful to national leaders, people like Dr. James Dodson. And Tony Perkins. And Phil Robertson. And governor Rick Perry, and Glenn Beck. Leaders who have stood and LED, bringing together conservatives here in Iowa and across the country.

Do you want to know what scares the Washington cartel? Actually, not remotely. I don't scare them in the tiniest bit. What scares them is you. What scares them is that old Reagan coalition is coming back together, of conservatives. We're seeing conservatives and evangelicals and libertarian and Reagan Democrats all coming together as one and that terrifies Washington, DC. And so do the people of Iowa, Heidi and I say thank you for your incredible hospitality, for your love, for welcoming us into your homes, into your living rooms. Thank you for welcoming my father to preach from the pull pits of your churches. And let me say to my parents, mom, thank you. For the incredible, unconditional love that you have given me every day of my life, the knowledge that whatever I might do, whatever I might say that my mother loves me.

To my cousin, Bebe, like a sister to me, we grew up together, I love you, beebs. And to my dad, a man who came from Cuba at age 18 with nothing. With $100 in his under wear, he doesn't carry money in his underwear anymore. A man in prisoned, tortured, who washed dishes making $0.50 an hour, who was R would live the American dream and a man who is today a pastor, traveling the country preaching the gospel.

My dad is 76 years old and has the energy of a teenager and dad you have been my hero my whole life. I love you, daddy. When the sun rises tomorrow, this campaign will take the next step. We will continue to campaign the same way, sitting down, person to person, leader to leader, bfw halls, Dunkin Donuts, returning to the great state of new Hampshire. And let me speak for a minute to the men and women of the state of New Hampshire. 36 years ago, you welcomed to the Granite State a candidate running for president who was also deeply disliked by the Washington establishment and the Washington cartel. A candidate dismissed out right by the media. Some polls had him 15, 20 behind. You refused to let the establishment and media do your thinking for you. You refused to let them tell you how to vote. You wanted a candidate who didn't adopt his position because of the latest opinion polls, but because of a deep and under lying conservative philosophy that grounded him so that he knew exactly what he believed and the principles were that built this great nation. And so tonight I want to say to the people of New Hampshire, thank you for what you did 36 years ago. Thank you for giving America, and the world, and history our 40th president of the united States, Ronald Wilson Reagan. And I ask the people of new Hampshire, and the people of South Carolina, and the people of Nevada, and the people of the super Tuesday states on March 1, to each of you, do not listen to our words. Do not listen to the rhetoric from campaigns, but rather, hold everyone of us accountable, hold me accountable and every other candidate accountable to be a consistent conservative.

If you want a candidate to repeal Obamacare, then support a candidate who has LED the fight to repeal Obamacare. If you want a president to stop amnesty, to secure the borders and keep us safe, then support a candidate who has LED the fight to stop amnesty to secure the borders and to keep us safe. If you want a candidate to support life and marriage and religious liberty, then support a candidate who spent decades of his life fighting to defend life and marriage and religious liberty. If you want a candidate to defend the second amendment right to keep and bear arms, then ask of every candidate where were you in the spring of 2013 when Barack Obama and Harry Reid and Chuck Schumer tried to undermine the second amendment right to keep and bear arms? If you want a candidate who will stand unapologetically with the nation of Israel, then support a candidate who has LED the fight over and over again to stand by our friend and ally, the nation of Israel. And if you want a commander in chief who will fulfill the most solemn obligation of the president to keep this nation safe, then support a candidate who has demonstrated the commitment, the judgment, the experience, the clarity of vision, to identify our enemy, to call it by its name, radical islamic terrorism. And to utterly and completely defeat ISIS. If I am elected president, every militant on the face of the planet know, if you go and join ISIS, if you wage jihad on the United States of America, if you attempt to murder innocent Americans you are signing your death warrant.

And I'll tell you this. If the other states across the country follow the lead of the good men and women of Iowa, and support this campaign, then, I tell you this. This July, in Cleveland, you will hear these words spoken from the podium of the unified Republican convention. Tonight, I want to say to every member of the democratic party, who believes in limited government, in personal opportunity and the united States constitution, and a safe and secure America, come home. To the Reagan Democrats, your party has left you. And the Republican party wants you, we welcome you back.

Because together, this year, Republicans and the Reagan Democrats can send an unmistakable message, the message of a Reagan like landslide that will drive the liberal elite and the Washington cartel into the potomac and out to sea, never to be seen again. Together, we can bring out a new era of economic growth, of military strength, of international security and the future of hope that our children deserve. If we commit to do more than hope, if we aspire to govern by a higher standard that transcends political party and race and gender and income, and to everyone that is tired of a president that divides us daily on racial lines and religious lines, on gender lines, on socioeconomic lines we will have a president that once again seeks to bring us together and unite us on our shared values of who we are as Americans. The most solemn responsibility of the president is to keep this country safe. And we will stop the weakness and april -- do what it takes to defeat them. I give you my solemn promise. We will finally, finally, finally, secure the borders and and sanctuary cities.

And I want to speak for a moment to the soldiers and sailors and airmen and Marines and moms and dads who have a child serving overseas. And husbands and wives wake up wondering if their loved one is still alive, waiting months upon months to get a hug from mommy, a kiss from mommy. The men and women sent into combat with arms tied behind their back with no idea when it will end in January, 17. You will have a commander in chief who finally has your back. And to the police officers, and the firemen, and the first responders, the heroes who rushed in to burning buildings instead of out of burning buildings, the last seven years of having a president, having an attorney general that demonizes you, that vilifies you, that sides with the criminals land looters instead of the brave men and women of law enforcement, that will end on January 20, 2017. So tonight, the state of Iowa, the Democrats here seem to be in a virtual tie. Between one candidate, who admits he's a socialist, and the other candidate who pretends she's not. I wish them both luck.

But I will tell you this, as Margaret Thatcher observed the problem with socialism is that you run out of other people's money. And let me tell you tonight...